The following steps must be performed from the target Raspberry Pi
used to host the tide station, and cover setting up a Cloudflare
account and domain, installing the cloudflared connector, and
configuring the tunnel that exposes this station's services to the
internet without opening any firewall ports.

Open a browser and go to https://cloudflare.com, then select the
Login menu option. If an account already exists, enter the login
credentials; otherwise, use the "Sign up" option to create a free
account.

A newly created tide station needs its own, unique domain name.
Following login, when the Cloudflare dashboard appears, navigate to
"Domains" in the left side panel, then select "Registrations." When
the Registrations screen appears, select "Buy domain" at the top
right. Any domain name works, but one that identifies the nature of
the station is recommended, e.g. "BelfastTide.org" -- the ".org"
suffix is also recommended, to indicate that the domain belongs to a
non-commercial entity.

After the domain has been purchased, select "Zero Trust" at the left
side of the screen. The Cloudflare One screen will appear; from
there, select Networks -> Tunnels & Mesh. On the Tunnels & Mesh
screen, select "Create a tunnel" at the top right, choose the
Cloudflare tunnel type, and follow the prompts.

Following tunnel creation, the tunnel's configuration screen
appears. Use the "Connectors" button to download and configure the
tunnel connector on the RPi -- select "Debian," 64-bit, and follow
the instructions given there. Once the connector is configured,
communication with the Cloudflare service is established
automatically.

Return to the Tunnels & Mesh screen. On the entry for the new
tunnel, click the ellipses at the right and select "Configure," then
select the "Published application routes" tab at the top of the
page.

The published application routes are what allow queries to this
station's domain to actually be routed to the tunnel. The basic
route is just the domain name itself, selected from the Domain
pull-down, with Service Type: HTTP, URL: localhost:80. The following
subdomains are added the same way, each built on that same domain:

    www.<domain>      HTTP   localhost:80
    ssh.<domain>       SSH   localhost:22
    note.<domain>     HTTP   localhost:8088
    vnc.<domain>       TCP   localhost:5901
    grafana.<domain>  HTTP   localhost:3000

Not every station needs every one of these -- "note." only matters
for a Notecard-linked sensor (see the separate notehub.io tutorial),
and "grafana." only if Grafana is actually installed on this
station -- but "www.", "ssh.", and "vnc." are needed on every
station, for the public web page and for admin/maintenance access.

Once configured, these routes can be tested from any network-
connected host. If Apache2 has already been installed on the RPi, a
request to <domain> should return Apache2's own default
initialization page.

Any host that will connect to this station over SSH through the
tunnel needs a corresponding entry in its own SSH config file
(".ssh/config"). On a Windows host, using the Windows build of
cloudflared, this looks like:

    Host ssh.<domain>
      ProxyCommand C:\Cloudflared\bin\cloudflared.exe access ssh --hostname %h

The path to cloudflared.exe may need to be adjusted to match where
it was actually installed. On macOS or Linux, the same idea applies,
using that platform's own cloudflared binary and its own installed
path in place of the Windows one shown here.
