InfluxDB 3 Core is the local, self-hosted database this station
writes its own sensor readings into. It has no organization concept
at all -- unlike InfluxDB Cloud (a separate prerequisite, used for
this project's cloud sync), which does. The only naming that
actually matters here is the database itself, named "TideData"
(tide_constants.json.template's INFLUXDB_LOCAL_DATABASE).

Confirm this station is running a 64-bit OS first, since InfluxDB 3
Core's official builds require it:

    uname -m

This should report "aarch64." If it instead reports "armv7l" or
similar, this station's OS itself would need reinstalling as 64-bit
before continuing.

Run InfluxData's own installer:

    curl -O https://www.influxdata.com/d/install_influxdb3.sh
    sh install_influxdb3.sh

When prompted for an install type, choose "Simple Download," not
Docker Compose -- this matches how the rest of this project expects
to invoke the binary directly through systemd, not through a
container. When prompted for a storage solution, choose "File
storage (Persistent)" -- Object storage adds an unnecessary remote
dependency for what is a single, local RPi, and In-memory storage
would lose every reading on the next reboot.

The installer leaves a temporary, foreground instance of InfluxDB 3
Core running once it finishes, using its own defaults -- a
placeholder node ID, bound to every network interface rather than
just localhost, with its data in a hidden, dot-prefixed directory --
none of which match this project's actual setup. This needs to be
fully stopped before continuing. A closed terminal window does not
reliably stop it if it was ever left running in the background, so
confirm directly rather than assume:

    sudo ss -tlnp | grep 8181

Once confirmed stopped, move its data out of the installer's
default location into this project's own convention -- partly to
match the existing systemd service template, and partly to avoid
any confusion with an existing InfluxDB V2 install that might
already be present on the same station:

    mkdir -p /home/tide/influxdb3
    mv /home/tide/.influxdb/data /home/tide/influxdb3/data

InfluxDB 3 Core does not create its own plugin directory
automatically, and its systemd service fails to start without it
if a plugin directory is configured at all, which this project's
own template does:

    mkdir -p /home/tide/influxdb3/plugins

Now set up the actual, permanent service, starting from this
project's own template:

    cp influxdb3_template.service influxdb3.service

Edit the copy, changing its placeholder --node-id value to this
station's actual name -- easy to miss, since it is buried inside a
single, long ExecStart line. Confirm --data-dir matches the path
used above, and that --http-bind reads 127.0.0.1:8181, not
0.0.0.0:8181 as the installer's own temporary instance used.

    sudo cp influxdb3.service /etc/systemd/system/
    sudo systemctl daemon-reload
    sudo systemctl enable --now influxdb3
    sudo systemctl status influxdb3

That last command should show the service active and running, with
no errors. Finally, generate the admin token that
tide_constants.json's INFLUXDB_LOCAL_TOKEN needs:

    influxdb3 create token --admin

This prints the actual token value directly to the terminal, and
only ever does so this once -- copy it somewhere safe immediately,
since it is hashed on the server side right afterward, with no way
to recover the original value later.
